in environment without quotes but let's
through chávez
the theft of the dog nothing to do with the
sand I have the teacher's wins my
Mom and the shoes another step for
to know
speak
If you saw the program this time of
program and good let me count no
I agreed with the subject of
marriage if to win the bouquet
I do not want to say something I want to wake up
first that this silver comes out nothing turn
with the bouquet for the photo but there were some
media and we like that
back we did as acting with
marengo marengo we knew it with marengo
excuse me but we go with charity and like that
it pushes us on we go when I started
to realize that I was beginning to slip in
the floor I said no I'm not going to kill here
because more meters higher or they are going to
kill that I did ran me aside I did
three steps and when I did three steps I see
something that comes flying tried me
plugging the gap has eluded the
marriage
and nothing but this is the second one
another wedding you grabbed the bouquet
also in the wedding of luciana
father my good cousin but that means that
push hit for nothing I call
in this case I like bouquet of flowers
very beautiful natural organic and I do
what you think about typical scheme about liked
for nothing your dress
as it does not matter but I was afraid of
that I say will be used and if it's a bridge that
it was used as a short curtain
the flat that I had that burned me was
fall that was like a lot more topic
long it was good that you chose the flat
long decided it was well lazaro will go
towards more guy that I swear that so
called seriously as you did not call me going to
spend nothing all very nice the truth that
I felt comfortable and will have to come to
burst into warmth, follow us
like crazy people because they do not work
we're not about to make a beach cop
so if they do not go we stop a
while with Pedro we are going to do a volleyball
beach also for 4
it's good that talking in football is
perfectly good pablo now we go back
it is known because we have the street
Latorre wanted to get to that very well
tables stay stay of things a
Applause for Mauritania
Suicide puts the same interest or
hit good but he still has a
face is a doll you are telling me that
the tower and resumed the topic